Documenting required certificate type for key_vault_certificate - fixes #22461 (#1)
dannystaple/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/key_vault_certificate.html.markdown

* `contents` - (Required) The base64-encoded certificate contents.
* `password` - (Optional) The password associated with the certificate.

> ~> **NOTE:** A PEM certificate is already base64 encoded. To successfully import contents should include a PEM encoded X509 certificate and a private_key in pkcs8 format (use 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** A PEM certificate is already base64 encoded. To successfully import, the contents should include a PEM encoded X509 certificate followed by a private_key in pkcs8 format (use 
```

`openssl pkcs8 -topk8 -nocrypt -in private_key.pem > private_key_pk8.pem`). There should only be linux style \n line endings and the whole block should have the PEM begin/end blocks around the certificate data and the private key data.

> 

Reviewer 2: is it worth putting an example of the expected begin/end blocks so people are able to verify things look correct?

Author: Does that look about right?

> `openssl pkcs8 -topk8 -nocrypt -in private_key.pem > private_key_pk8.pem`). There should only be linux style \n line endings and the whole block should have the PEM begin/end blocks around the certificate data and the private key data. These terminators should be generated when PEM documents are created and look like `-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----`,`-----END CERTIFICATE-----` and `-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----`, `-----END PRIVATE KEY-----`.

Reviewer: I think the example terminators might be better illustrated in a code block rather than inline? Perhaps even with dummy cert/key
